# Project description 
Enron scandal is the largest corporate fraud in American history. After a thorough Federal investigation, a significant amount of confidential information entered into the public record, including tens of thousands of emails and detailed financial data for top executives. In this project, I investigate a published Enron data set including both finical and Email record about 150 employees at Enron group. Several board members and management tiers involved in illegal business fraud were eventually charged. Some of these people were found guilty and sent to the jail. Some of people were settled out side of court. Those main characters entangled with fraud are people of interest, also tagged with 'poi' in the data set. The scheme of this project is to develop predcitve models on identification of people of interest by incorprating the financial and email communication information of employees. Machine Learning techniques are suitable for this supervised learning problem due to its powerful capability to make prediction by learning existed information. The goal of final model is to have a power of more than 0.3 on both recall and precision metrics. First, I investigate the data set and perform explortary data analysis to detect possible outliers and as a first attempt to feature selection. Then, I narrow down all the features with less missing values into 5 features by using  [SelectKbest](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.feature_selection.SelectKBest.html) algorithm and Decision Tree. After that, I implement Naive Bayes, Decision Tree, Knearest Neighbours, and Support Vector Machine algorithms and tune  corresponding hyper-parameters with [GridSearch](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/grid_search.html). Through the end of model selection and validation, I finalize the Decision Tress model with a precision of 0.59 and a recall of 0.50. 

 - work path of this project is documented in ipython notebook (Enron dataset.ipynb) in final project file
 - all the code for training predictive model is in poi.py and testing code is in tester.py
